(Episode 26)
The overall balance is good.
Above all, it's delicious.
I also think the food is exceptional.
But I'd like it to be a bit more familiar.
If it's okay with Chef On,
it'll be good to devise a menu together.
We'll have to make adjustments,
but I'd love to know how a Michelin three star dish really tastes.
Chef Eric Song, clear!
- Yes! - Nice!
Chef.
Mr. Park wants to see you.
How was the food?
It was delicious.
But I'm not sure if the menu I create...
will melt into a course like this.
Chef Song will make a few recipes.
This is too much.
A full course meal has a story, a consistency.
You can't meddle with my cooking.
It's a suggestion from the third consultation.
I can put up with anything except for my menu being changed.
Your restaurant is losing money because you're too emotional.
Eric is a Michelin three star chef.
He says he'll devise a menu...
because he likes your dish.
Don't be arrogant.
Launch the new menu he comes up with.
Promoting that will help with the sales.
I opened a restaurant to cook my dishes.
I'm not trying to make money by copying others.
If the reality doesn't support you, you need to compromise.
I'll give you back your share,
so don't get involved in my business.
Won't you regret this?
Management isn't an easy job.
You were able to keep it afloat because I helped you.
You can't say you helped me if you only do it halfway.
I wanted to cook.
Good in Korean and Soup in English.
East meets west.
Don't sell the land grandpa gave you.
Hello.
I'd like to take out a loan.
Are you requesting a secured loan?
Yes. With land as collateral.
First you need to apply for the loan.
After an evaluation, a limit for the loan will be set.
Please fill this out, and leave it with me.
I'll contact you when the result comes out.
Okay.
(Loan Application, On Jung Sun)
- Did you want to see me? - Yes.
("High Society")
You should work with writer Ji Hong Ah.
What?
She went into On Entertainment to work with Yi Bok.
But it hasn't been long since Yi Bok quit.
You should work with Hong Ah.
I'm preparing a drama with Hyun Soo.
Let's hold off on Ms. Lee's work.
Hong Jin.
Come on.
Hong Jin!
Jung Woo.
Hong Jin is telling me to work with Hong Ah.
Do you think it makes sense?
It can make sense.
Then...
what about Hyun Soo's drama?
What's up?
Why did you want to see me?
Don't we need to talk...
if we're going to work together?
Talk about what?
(Yoo Hong Jin)
Excuse me for a second.
Hi, this is Hong Ah.
Hi. I thought things over,
and I think it's a good idea for you to work with Joon Ha.
Let's have a meeting tomorrow.
Okay, thank you.
There's nothing to talk about.
I want to get to know you over tea.
Sure, if we're going to work together.
Hong Ah and Joon Ha won't make a good team.
You don't know if Joon Ha and Hyun Soo will make a good team.
Joon Ha is just insisting on it.
- They're working things... - Are you dating Hyun Soo?
Well, there's a rumor going around. Is it true?
No.
I knew it.
I know you don't mix personal feelings with business.
"Let me have him."
(Let me have him.)
Where can I use this line?
Let me...
have him.
You won't keep him anyway, so let me have him.
Stop changing your mind.
Don't snoop about.
Ultimately, people end up alone.
(New post)
I am happy alone.
It's warm.
(Share)
(I am happy alone. Achieving my dream.)
(Like)
(Choi Won Joon)
Do whatever you want.
You can't help liking someone.
Why do I keep talking to myself?
Nobody's here.
Where did everyone go?
I'm sure they're having a break.
I haven't seen Soo Jung lately.
Hi, Hyun Soo.
Hi. Where's Soo Jung?
She'll be here. She left this.
She quit.
- Hello. - Hi, Soo Jung.
I always saw you in your uniform.
You look so pretty dressed like this...
and with your hair down.
Did you find a better place to work?
No. I like Good Soup the best.
Is that mine?
Yes.
I'll get going now.
Bye.
Bye. I'll see you next time.
Okay.
Soo Jung.
I thought you were going somewhere else.
No, I'm going to take a break.
Then why did you leave?
I'm sure Good Soup will get back on its feet.
Also, you know what Chef On is like. I'm here too.
Are you asking me to stay?
I am.
Usually, people offer raises when they scout employees.
I can't give you a raise.
[VIU Ver] E26 Temperature of Love "I'll Return Your Investment"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Tell me if you know anything.
You heard something, didn't you?
The financial situation of the restaurant is bad.
That's why Soo Jung quit.
They'll go bankrupt if Mr. Park withdraws his investment.
Don't they have a contract? How can he withdraw it now?
They have to listen to Mr. Park in order to keep the investment,
but Chef On won't listen to Mr. Park.
Where is Jung Sun?
Let me think about it first.
Is it something you can't tell me?
He went to the bank to ask about a loan.
Jung Sun.
Are you here?
Did you go somewhere?
Yes.
I can't talk right now. I have to prep for dinner.
(Preparing ingredients)
I know. It'll be just a minute.
Is Mr. Park harsh on you?
No.
In his perspective, I must be harsh on him.
In regard to the business, he's doing what's right.
- Does it bother you? - Yes.
Jung Woo and I...
have our own relationship aside from you. Don't worry.
How strange.
It all sounds true when you say it.
That's because it's true.
Set a meeting with Lee Hyun Soo and Kim Joon Ha.
Okay.
I asked you to come to ask what you think.
As I told you before, I don't want to do Ms. Ji's drama.
I'll work according to what's given to me.
How can you give up on me so easily?
It's offending.
We have to listen to our bosses.
I'm letting you go so that you won't feel guilty.
If I get to decide,
we don't know when yours will air.
I know. I went through it before.
I'll have Joon Ha work with Ms. Ji then.
You're being too much.
I'll get going too.
Mr. Park.
Good Soup...
It's nothing.
(On Jung Sun)
(Accept)
Hello?
- What are you doing? - Working.
Don't you have to interview me?
Why haven't you?
Is there something I should be researching?
I have to buy groceries.
Groceries?
I've never seen a grocery store open so late.
It's open 24 hours a day. Us chefs love it.
I think this drama will work out thanks to you.
Did something happen today?
No. I just missed you.
You did? That's nice.
What are we buying?
Buy everything you want to eat. I'll buy it for you.
Are you rich?
I have enough to buy you food.
Wow, I'm so excited.
Then this one.
- Get more. - Really?
Yes. Three of these.
You said I could get more.
Enough ramyeon.
Is it good?
What is this?
- It's this. Pork. - This one?
- It's so sour. - It's sour.
I'm so happy.
We're sharing our daily lives.
I feel so close to you.
Are you happy?
I am.
I want to carry it.
It's okay, I will.
No, I chose them, so I'll carry.
- No, I'll carry it. - No!
I told you not to do that.
I'm sorry. We can just pick it up.
I'm sorry.
It's okay. I'm sorry too.
Let's go.
(Appraisal Report)
"On Jung Sun".
Did the result for the land appraisal come out?
Yes, it did.
Jung Woo invested 350,000 dollars on us, right?
Are you really going to end things with Mr. Park?
The contract isn't over yet.
It's for 3 years, but it hasn't been 1 year yet.
I'll finish my business with him.
We'll buy his shares.
What if he declines?
He knows we can't continue.
He's strict when it comes to business. He must know...
it's best to get out of it now.
Why would he want to keep this risk?
Because of Hyun Soo.
If he lets you go, he can't control you.
What if he holds on?
I'm sure he's not like that.
If he is, then it'd be easier for me.
It's a contract to buy out your investment shares.
Do you really want us to split apart?
We're going in different directions,
so it makes sense we break up.
When I was your age, I never thought about...
directions or dreams.
I only thought about making money. I did anything to do that.
But I guess you're not the same.
We have different values.
Even if you don't agree with me, desperate people would do it.
You're just not desperate.
How long do you think you can last with what you have?
I'll try to last.
I won't be getting involved with you because of money again.
Again?
Yes. I hope we never have to.
Your pride would be hurt.
I didn't want to live like my father either.
However, I loved him.
You don't love your father.
You don't understand the difference, right?
This is what determines success and failure.
But I have the love you can't have.
You're pretty good with comebacks.
Go.
You'll be back. We don't want this to drag on and embarrass you.
- Hello. - Hello.
I feel more comfortable with you here.
It feels like Good Soup.
Thank you. Let me show you in.
Hyun Soo, did something good happen?
Someone might think your drama got scheduled to air.
If I feel good about doing something, I'll feel good.
You're right. You can feel good if you feel good doing it.
Let's clean up and then work. Won't that feel good?
Super, super, great!
Great!
Your mother is here.
Are you coming from somewhere?
Are you...
I think he looks down on me.
No way.
He never talks to me.
He's not the talkative type.
He never invites me to his house when he lives here.
I never wanted to see it anyway.
That's easy.
Let's ask him to give us some coffee.
The coffee smells good.
Give us some too.
Wow. So this is what it looks like.
- It's perfect for a bachelor. - Sit down.
Are things...
tough?
The restaurant looks empty.
It's fine.
Right. You're not the only one running it.
It won't be too difficult...
since Mr. Park helps you.
He has nothing to do with Good Soup now.
Did you decide to split up?
Gosh, that's why it's so difficult.
What do we do?
Mr. Park seemed to be a nice guy.
He always helped me with my exhibitions.
- Hey, let's go. - Why?
It's not looking good here. We'll make him uncomfortable.
What did he help with?
It's nothing.
Yes, it's nothing.
He supported me when I was in France too.
It's nothing compared to then.
- Mom! - My goodness.
Hey, let's go.
Tell me the truth. Did you ask him for money?
I'll wait outside if this is a family meeting.
Hey, that hurts!
I told you.
The worst would be borrowing money from people I'm close with.
If it's not someone close, who would lend me money?
That's why you should have given me some.
Do you think it was easy for me to ask him for money?
Mom. Mom. Mom!
How can a mother ruin her child's life?
I'm sorry,
but this is what I'm like.
Please calm down.
Get out.
Get out!
Gosh.
Yes. I hope we never have to.
You'll be back.
We don't want this to drag on and embarrass you.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
(Accept)
Hello?
What's wrong?
Did you cry?
Did something happen?
No.
Do you want tea?
Let's live together.
Let's stay together.
(Thank you to Cha Soon Bae for his special appearance.)